Documents/Discussions.md, before:

"Ember-Rails" (See Ember-Rails branch)

[June 21 2015 - Ember.js Discuss (ember.js 1.13 nothing displayed on each even though I can see it on the ember inspector)](http://discuss.emberjs.com/t/ember-js-1-13-nothing-displayed-on-each-even-though-i-can-see-it-on-the-ember-inspector/8237/2)

[June 22 2015 - Refactoring Computed Properties on Ember.js 1.13](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/30977856/refactoring-computed-properties-on-ember-js-1-13)

"EmberCLI"

[June 29 2015 - No authorizer was configured for Ember-Simple-Auth issue (or bug)](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/31108995/no-authorizer-was-configured-for-ember-simple-auth-issue-or-bug)

[August 10 2015 - User Attributes edit issue on Ember-cli alongside rails with devise](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/31932844/user-attributes-edit-issue-on-ember-cli-alongside-rails-with-devise)

[August 11 2015 - Ember CLI Simple Auth RouteMixins not working](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/31933928/ember-cli-simple-auth-routemixins-not-working)

[August 21 2015 - Handling Store.save() for records that contains DS.BelongsTo](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/32146860/handling-store-save-for-records-that-contains-ds-belongsto)

[December 17 2015 - stylesheet_link_tag returns <base href=“/”> instead of <link>](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/34330704/stylesheet-link-tag-returns-base-href-instead-of-link)

[February 19 2016 - How crawlable is Ember Cli?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35495261/how-crawlable-is-ember-cli)

[March 12 2016 - Ember.js has many not being loaded on deep nested routes.](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35967672/ember-js-has-many-not-being-loaded-on-deep-nested-routes)

"Active Model Serializers"

[September 9 2015 - Deserializing Json-Api with Rails Strong Parameters](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/32491360/deserializing-json-api-with-rails-strong-parameters)

"Ember-Simple-Auth"

[March 13 2016 - Is there a way to prevent users from editing the local Storage?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35973302/is-there-a-way-to-prevent-users-from-editing-the-local-storage-session)

"Related"

[July 19 2015 - Ember.js IF statement with OR conditional causing unexpected behaviour](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/31504710/ember-js-if-statement-with-or-conditional-causing-unexpected-behaviour)

Commit message:

css refactoring to work with smaller screens

Documents/Discussions.md, after:

"Ember-Rails" (See Ember-Rails branch)

[June 21 2015 - Ember.js Discuss (ember.js 1.13 nothing displayed on each even though I can see it on the ember inspector)](http://discuss.emberjs.com/t/ember-js-1-13-nothing-displayed-on-each-even-though-i-can-see-it-on-the-ember-inspector/8237/2)

[June 22 2015 - Refactoring Computed Properties on Ember.js 1.13](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/30977856/refactoring-computed-properties-on-ember-js-1-13)

"EmberCLI"

[June 29 2015 - No authorizer was configured for Ember-Simple-Auth issue (or bug)](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/31108995/no-authorizer-was-configured-for-ember-simple-auth-issue-or-bug)

[August 10 2015 - User Attributes edit issue on Ember-cli alongside rails with devise](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/31932844/user-attributes-edit-issue-on-ember-cli-alongside-rails-with-devise)

[August 11 2015 - Ember CLI Simple Auth RouteMixins not working](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/31933928/ember-cli-simple-auth-routemixins-not-working)

[August 21 2015 - Handling Store.save() for records that contains DS.BelongsTo](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/32146860/handling-store-save-for-records-that-contains-ds-belongsto)

[December 17 2015 - stylesheet_link_tag returns <base href=“/”> instead of <link>](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/34330704/stylesheet-link-tag-returns-base-href-instead-of-link)

[January 16 2016 - CSRF token authenticity issues with ember-cli-rails alongside Devise](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/34833100/csrf-token-authenticity-issues-with-ember-cli-rails-alongside-devise)

[February 19 2016 - How crawlable is Ember Cli?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35495261/how-crawlable-is-ember-cli)

[February 20 2016 - v0.10 RC4 Expecting PostSerializer on test, got ActiveModel::Serializer::CollectionSerializer instead](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35520288/v0-10-rc4-expecting-postserializer-on-test-got-activemodelserializercoll)

[February 21 2016 - Ember 2.3 | Record is updated on save(), but Ember still says that it failed on dev ENV](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35534260/ember-2-3-record-is-updated-on-save-but-ember-still-says-that-it-failed-on)

[March 12 2016 - Ember.js has many not being loaded on deep nested routes.](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35967672/ember-js-has-many-not-being-loaded-on-deep-nested-routes)

"Active Model Serializers"

[September 9 2015 - Deserializing Json-Api with Rails Strong Parameters](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/32491360/deserializing-json-api-with-rails-strong-parameters)

"Ember-Simple-Auth"

[March 13 2016 - Is there a way to prevent users from editing the local Storage?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/35973302/is-there-a-way-to-prevent-users-from-editing-the-local-storage-session)

"Related"

[July 19 2015 - Ember.js IF statement with OR conditional causing unexpected behaviour](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/31504710/ember-js-if-statement-with-or-conditional-causing-unexpected-behaviour)
