README.md, before:

# The Fakktion Blog Source Code

![](/FakktionLogo.png)

All information about this project including planned features can be found on this [published paper](http://www.micsymposium.org/mics2015/ProceedingsMICS_2015/Skibinski_3C1_31.pdf), and the up to date Database Design can be seen through erd.pdf. Information about progress can be seen on each commit information.


Discussions regarding this project:

[June 21 2015 - Ember.js Discuss (ember.js 1.13 nothing displayed on each even though I can see it on the ember inspector)](http://discuss.emberjs.com/t/ember-js-1-13-nothing-displayed-on-each-even-though-i-can-see-it-on-the-ember-inspector/8237/2)

[June 22 2015 - Refactoring Computed Properties on Ember.js 1.13](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/30977856/refactoring-computed-properties-on-ember-js-1-13)

#The MIT License (MIT)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Copyright (c) 2014 - 2015, Deovandski Skibinski Junior and Dr. Anne Denton
All rights reserved.

Commit message:

Final commit for this branch

README.md, after:

# The Fakktion Blog Source Code

![](/FakktionLogo.png)

The Ember-Rails branch is now deprecated. However, most of the code contained within was refactored to Ember 1.13 which is a step away from Ember.js 2.0

This project contains Active Model serializers, JSON API and Ember.js async models fetching and filtering while containing a Rails backend.

The purpose of this branch is for people who wants to see the code tied to the following discussions:

[June 21 2015 - Ember.js Discuss (ember.js 1.13 nothing displayed on each even though I can see it on the ember inspector)](http://discuss.emberjs.com/t/ember-js-1-13-nothing-displayed-on-each-even-though-i-can-see-it-on-the-ember-inspector/8237/2)

[June 22 2015 - Refactoring Computed Properties on Ember.js 1.13](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/30977856/refactoring-computed-properties-on-ember-js-1-13)

Steps to make this project working:

*Clone Project
*Create new Secrets.yml and place it on the config folder. See Extra Commands on the root folder.
*Bundle Install
*Rake db:migrate
*Rake db:seed
*rake start and enjoy!

This Project was last tested on June 2015.
